# optimization-on-word-master
Use java language to optimize the previous word master so that longer random strings can be entered



The flow of the program is:


All possible words that can be generated by the input random letters are returned through the Trie structure.  --This filters the words in the dictionary and reduces the number of words that need to be looped.

Store all possible words and random letters in the form of HashMap <Character, Integer>, this HashMap represents the frequency of letters in a word.  --Because words such as “dab” and “bad” have the same letter frequency, they have no effect on the returned results. So there is a form of letter frequency that reduces branches that need to be looped.

Through the word list obtained in the above two steps, use the combination of Backtracking and DP to obtain the de-permutation. 

In DP, HashMap is used to store the optimal solution of the subproblems obtained before. 

In the backtracking algorithm,  the recursion part, all the combinations are obtained by continuously looping back one step back.

When the backtracking algorithm recursively adds words to the combination, the random string is processed which the letters already in the combination are removed from the random string to generate a new string.



Problems I have encountered:

Originally I only used the backtracking algorithm to get all the combinations, but I found that in the end I still had three longest test strings that failed to get results. So I added the DP algorithm to record the optimal self-problem I got before.

Then on Thursday, the results I provided were wrong. I found that during the loop, because I store the optimal subproblems in the HashMap each time, during the storage process when I modify the HashMap externally, it will cause the internal The hashmap changed, so I got the wrong result. Later I have rewritten the hashcode and equals algorithms in the hashmap. In order to store the HashMap as the key into the HashMap. It is guaranteed that the optimal subproblem for each deposit will not change.



The total running time of all random letters in the test.txt file is about two minutes and thirty seconds. Several of these long strings take slightly longer to run, and the rest are faster. they are “abcdefghijklmno”, “gigrgaagutuarutgggtiztgiza”,”gigrgaagutuarutgggtiztgizazriurz”.

